Add release notes for Metals v0.10.1 (#2673)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2021-04-02-tungsten.md

<table>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>Commits since last release</td>
    <td align="center">163</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Merged PRs</td>
    <td align="center">81</td>
  </tr>
    <tr>
    <td>Contributors</td>
    <td align="center">9</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Closed issues</td>
    <td align="center">29</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>New features</td>
    <td align="center">2</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

For full details: https://github.com/scalameta/metals/milestone/35?closed=1

Metals is a language server for Scala that works with VS Code, Vim, Emacs,
Sublime Text and Eclipse. Metals is developed at the
[Scala Center](https://scala.epfl.ch/) and [VirtusLab](https://virtuslab.com)
with the help from [Lunatech](https://lunatech.com) along with contributors from
the community.

## TL;DR

Check out [https://scalameta.org/metals/](https://scalameta.org/metals/), and
give Metals a try!

- Support for Scala 3.0.0-RC2
- Smoother main and test discovery

## Smoother main and test discovery

Thanks to some great ideas (and obviously execution) by
[@ckipp01](https://github.com/ckipp01) it is now possible to specify alternative
debug parameters that enable users to:

> - Run main class in the current file, in case there are multiple main classes a
>   quick pick window will apear for the users to choose the exact main class to
>   run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the main class in the current file, or in case that there are multiple main classes a
  quick pick window will appear for the users to choose the exact main class to
  run.
```

Author: Fixed!

- Run all tests in the current file.
- Run all tests in the current target.

To make that work some additional fields must be sent while starting the debug
session:

- `path` - uri to the file that is currently open.
- `runType` - enum value that can either be `run`, `testFile` or `testTarget`

The "args", "jvmOptions", "env", and "envFile" are all valid keys that can be
sent as well with the same format as usual.

In VS Code this is achieved via 3 new commands, that can easily bound to
shortcuts:

- `metals.run-current-file` - run main classes in the current file
- `metals.test-current-file` - run test classes in the current file
- `metals.test-current-target` - run test classes in the current target

More information can be found in the
[Debug Adapter Protocol](https://scalameta.org/metals/docs/integrations/debug-adapter-protocol.html#how-to-add-support-for-debugging-in-my-editor)

> section in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
section of the documentation.
```

Author: Fixed!
